* Conference
ICDAR 2013

* Contest
Table Competition (location and structure recognition)

* Description
The problems of table detection and table structure recognition in
documents have attracted much interest not only from the document
analysis community, but also from the database and information
extraction (IE) communities.  Whereas traditional methods have worked
on scanned images of pages, a number of approaches from related fields
have used natively-digital document formats.  The choice of
born-digital PDF as the format for this competition is designed to
unify both types of approaches, and the objective of this competition
is to measure the state of the art and compare the relative advantages
of both types of approach.

This competition is split up into two sub-competitions, table
detection or location and table structure recognition.  Entrants may
choose to enter either one, or both, sub-competitions.  In a previous
publication, we proposed document-generic models for both of these
procedures and generated a publicly available, ground-truthed dataset.
The format for the ground truth, as well as methods for numerically
comparing an algorithm's result to the ground truth, are also
described in this paper.

This dataset serves as the example dataset, against which all entries
can be tested before submission.  Entries will be evaluated using the
methods described in the paper.  Our paper also describes the
functional analysis of tables; this does not form part of the present
competition.

* URL
http://www.tamirhassan.com/competition.html

* Source code

Compilation and cleaning :
 * make (generates the main program)
 * make old (generates the old program (without scribo toolchain))
 * make clean (remove all files expect the binary)

Usage :
 * ./table [your-pdf-file]
   Generate debug images in the output/ directory and the final.xml
 * ./old [your-pdf-file]
   Same thing but old processing (without scribo toolchain)


Local Variables:
mode: outline
ispell-local-dictionary: "american"
End:
